# A0147919N

###### docs/DeveloperGuide.md

    ## Google Calendar
    
    Full product survey is available online [here](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1ELun1gQUiVAxC6it-16jikFRwAePTXS5Xri7GdhUnL8/edit?usp=sharing)
    
    Jim's Requirement                                                | Google Calendar
    :--------------------------------------------------------------- | ---------------
    Summoned quickly from anywhere | Yes
    Keyboard-oriented. Jim can type commands in "one shot" | Yes
    Works offline | Partially
    Simple search | Yes
    CRUD support for floating tasks | No
    CRUD support for deadlines | Yes
    CRUD support for events | Partially
    Keep track of which items are done/not done | No
    Look for a suitable slot to schedule an item | Yes
    Ability to "block" multiple slots | Fully
    Flexibility in command line format | No
    Undo operations | Yes
    
    Google Calendar is essentially a time-management mobile and web application
    developed by Google. It is a good platform for office workers, such as Jimmy to
    organize their schedule. It has most of the features that an office worker like
    Jim would require; for example, Add/Edit/Delete tasks, automatically find free
    slots in the schedule to add new tasks, “quick add”, ability to block multiple
    tasks, etc. It can also support features such as import, export and sync with
    desktop programs such as Outlook  and also, with mobile devices. However, it
    also has a few drawbacks for workers like Jim - New tasks or modification of
    existing tasks cannot be performed when the user is offline, it does not
    display floating tasks, and also does not display the status of a task as
    "done" or "not done".
    
    We have taken some reference features from Google Calendar to implement in our
    own time management software. Some of these include having an feature to find
    empty time slots in the user’s schedule. While adding an event in Google
    Calendar, the users have an option called "Find Time" in which all the free
    slots in their schedule are displayed and they can choose any one for adding
    their task.
###### docs/UserGuide.md

    ## About
    
    Unable to keep track of all your deadlines and other commitments?  Finding it
    difficult to remember tasks which do not have a specific date and time, but
    nevertheless needs to be done?
    
    Fret not, TaskTracker is here to your rescue!
    
    To be simply defined, TaskTracker is a digital assistant that keeps your
    schedule neat and organized. It displays all your events lined up for the day,
    upcoming deadlines and also tasks that do not have a specific time/ date, on
    the same window.
    
    You can perform various operations such as "add", "delete", "edit" or "prioritize" on
    your events by simply typing a one-line command,
    as TaskTracker has a flexible command line interface suited to your needs and comfort.
    You don’t need to waste any
    more time navigating through multiple options or filling multiple fields every
    time you want to modify your schedule.
    
    TaskTracker makes time-management smart and simple for you!
